PTC: Instill user confidence in software updates (#27)
bssw-psip/ptc-catalog: catalog/UserConfidenceSoftwareUpdates.md

> # Promote User Confidence in Software Updates 

Reviewer: I want to be consistent with the wording throughout this card... and I'm inclined to use the word "application" rather than "software". Somehow I feel that "application" is a more fixed thing in a developer's mind. Software feels too vague to me. 

Several of my suggestions are in this line.
```suggestion
# Promote User Confidence in Application Updates 
```

We could consider putting "release notes" in the title, which may help people discover this card.

Author: Since I've been working with tools for Applications, I think Software covers both, but I'm okay with the change if the PSIP team or bssw team think its more fitting to the purpose of these cards.

Reviewer: I see that software is the same wording as in the linked article.

## Target

Instill Confidence in Users when Publishing Software Updates

## User Story

As a software engineer I want instill user condfidence in updating the application
when we publish updates. 

## Card

| Score         | Description |
| :-------------: | :------------- |

> | 0 | Communication for update notifications are poor and do not always include behavior or performance changes. Users are not able to easily return to a prior version of the application after an update. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 0 | There is poor communication about application updates which do not always include behavior or performance changes. Users are not able to easily return to a prior version of the application after an update. |
```

> | 1 | Documentation of changes are updated as changes or features are implemented including changes in behavior. |

Reviewer: Reword this point to focus on the communication channel
```suggestion
| 1 | A method for documenting application changes to a single location is put in place. These documented changes  (typically called *release notes*) are published with new application updates/releases.  |
```

> | 2 | A database of updates and changes has been implemented and is continually updated. |

Reviewer: Reword this point to focus on feature/behavior changes 
```suggestion
| 2 | As changes are made to the code base, application feature/behavior changes are documented for the release notes. |
```

> | 3 | Procedures to test performance for changes has been implemented, and results are logged into the database. |

Reviewer: We should link to a performance testing card in the comments / related card section.
```suggestion
| 3 | As changes are made to the code base, application performance changes are documented for the release notes. |
```

> | 3 | All updates are implemented with features to easily restore prior version. |

Reviewer: Reword this point to focus on easy rollback.
```suggestion
| 3 | Documentation about how to use a previous application version is created. |
```

Author: That isn't really the same. I think the point is that updates need to be made in a way to implement previous features and that should also be documented.

> | 4 | Notifications (release notes) with behavior and performance changes are prepared and disseminated to users before each release. |

Reviewer: Reword this point slightly to encourage more engagement with users.
```suggestion
| 4 | Release notes which include behavior and performance changes are prepared and advertised to users before each release. |
```

## Comments

> - 2 Can be implemented using Github issues, Jira or other means to be able to follow what each release includes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 2 Can be implemented using Github issues, Jira or other means to be able to follow what each release includes. 
- 3 See the [Performance Regression Testing card](https://github.com/bssw-psip/ptc-catalog/blob/master/catalog/PerformanceRegressionTesting.md)
```
